# CONNECTION_TYPE Property

**Source URL:** https://www.eplan.help/en-us/Infoportal/Content/api/2026/Eplan.EplApi.DataModelu~Eplan.EplApi.DataModel.ConnectionPropertyList~CONNECTION_TYPE().html

---

Type of administration # 31075.

Syntax

**C#**



public PropertyValue CONNECTION_TYPE {get; set;}

public:

property PropertyValue^ CONNECTION_TYPE {

   PropertyValue^ get();

   void set (    PropertyValue^ value);

}


#### Property Value

Returns property value of type System.Int64.

Remarks

This property is read-only..

Specifies at a connection the manner in which the connection is to be managed in Eplan. The property can be used to sort the connections in the connection navigator. Possible values are:

0 = Placed: Placed connection.

1 = Unplaced: Unplaced connection.

2 = Net-based: A connection in a net that is defined at a net definition point.

3 = Direct (automatic): Direct connection between male and female pins; is generated by symbols with direct connection points.

4 = Multi-line (automatic): Multi-line connection that is defined on a connection definition point in the single-line representation.

5 = Jumper (automatic): Automatically generated jumper; this occurs if manual saddle jumpers are defined on terminals or pins or, when creating the jumper, between distributed terminals.

6 = Routed: Routed connection (in the layout space or in the topology)

7 = Not routed: Connection that is not routed; it is created, for example, during the data transfer from Eplan Cabinet.
